Narrator: ---You stand at the edge of a river. It runs slow and shallow, ---its stony bed clearly visible from where you stand on the low banks. ---You hear footsteps and turn your head to the source of the noise. ---A man appears from a copse of trees.
Narrator: ---He is clad in armour which gleams bronze in the weak sunlight ---and a crimson cape flaps idly from his shoulders. He appears not to notice you and walks over ---to gaze at the river a few paces away.
Narrator: ---Your eyes follow him until they are drawn away by a different sound. ---Another man appears from the treeline, clad in much the same dress ---except his head is covered by a magnificent plumed helm. ---Then, another man appears. And another.
Narrator: ---Before your bewildered eyes, an army gradually appears. Each soldier marches ---from the trees down towards where the first remains waiting on the banks of the river.
Narrator: ---Some notice you standing there watching their procession, ---but none call out or otherwise acknowledge your presence.
Narrator: ---Eventually, the stream of people stops flowing, and they are all lined up in columns behind their leader, ---who is still staring pensively at the water.
Narrator: ---Eventually, the leader raises his head and speaks to the opposite bank--- in a language you don't understand. Then, with a sigh, he raises a hand up to the sky. ---After a moment's pause, he lets it fall to point across the river.
Narrator: ---There is a stirring from the troops arrayed behind him, and after a moment they ---begin to march forwards.
Narrator: ---As they plunge into the river and begin to wade across, ---you hear shouts and cries as several stumbles on the uneven riverbed.
Narrator: ---The leader remains to the side, watching over the troops as they cross. ---Only once all others are across, does the leader venture into the water ---and wade across to the other side where his troops await.
Narrator: ---But your eyes do not follow his progress. Instead, they are fastened upon the glint of metal lying ---at the place where he stood.
???: ---And so Caesar crosses the Rubicon. He doesn't look like an emperor, does he? ---Slogging through a river isn't what you think of when you think of emperorship. ---Then again, he's not an emperor. Not yet. But he will be. ---And so shall we.
Narrator: ---You turn and see a new figure standing on the riverbank a short way away. ---They look like one of the security guards from the Queen's palace.
Player: ---What?
???: ---Give me the device.
Player: ---...
Player: ---What device?
???: ---Don't play dumb with me. Give me the Sidrat willingly, ---and I will take you back to the present. Resist, however, and you'll have to learn to live ---as a Roman peasant.
Narrator: ---You back away from the mysterious figure. After a moment, your heel ---catches on a tuft of grass, and you fall backwards. As you push yourself up, ---your hand rests on something cold and metallic. Looking down, you see another fragment of the device.
Narrator: ---Despite the situation you are in, you notice the word engraved on this part: "GIVE".
Narrator: ---A shadow looms over you, and you panic. Without a second thought, ---you plunge your hand into your pocket and scramble for the switch.
~~~~~~~~~~~
Player: ---Are those dinosaurs!?!?
Narrator: ---The savanna stretches for miles in all directions around you, ---a sea of long, yellowing grass. Amongst the sparsely dotted trees and boulders plod the forms ---of gigantic creatures.
Narrator: ---Low slung, armoured ankylosaurus with maces for tails marches resolutely ---towards a watering hole while a short way away, a crowd of triceratops shield their ---young from a pack of velociraptors.
Player: ---This... This is pretty bad. Gotta avoid, well, everything. ---First crazy people and now dinosaurs!