









Queen: ---... and that's why Candy's staying outside for the time being. Really, ripping up the lounge ---is not what I was expecting. Anyway, thanks for coming all this way. ---Shall we get down to business?
Player: ---Yes, lets.
Queen: ---About the device. It has been split into five fragments which have been scattered throughout time. ---This fragment that I have will allow you to go back in time to the other eras where my scientists ---have identified the other fragments as being present.
Queen: ---It will transport you as close as possible but is not very accurate ---so you will have to make your way to the device on your own after being deposited in the era.
Queen: ---Based on what we have been able to piece together from ancient records, the device ---used to have some kind of protection to stop unworthy people from using it, ---but I'm sure you don't need to worry about that.
Narrator: ---The Queen holds out the device to you. ---You take it. ---You see a small purple switch on the side. ---You reach out to flick it, but the Queen interrupts you before you do so.
Queen: ---Now, now. Wait a moment, dear. There is one more fragment in the present that we identified ---just before you arrived. Quite lucky for us actually. ---So, if you could just go and get that one before you head off.
Queen: ---That switch you were about to press will take you into the past, ---so don't press it before you've collected the fragment from the era you're in.
Player: ---It's not a big deal if I miss one, though, right? ---I can just go forward in time to where I was before. It's not like I'll be stuck in the past or something.
Narrator: ---The Queen opens her mouth to speak but seems to think better of it. ---There is a moment of silence.
Queen: ---Of course not, but best to do things efficiently. Anyway, time for you to be off.
Player: ---Are... Are you sure? I won't get stuck, right?
Queen: ---What was that, dear? My hearing isn't as good as it used to be.
Narrator: ---You begin to speak, but two men in black suits escort you out of the room before you can get the words out. ---Perhaps it would be best to get the fragments in order. ---Just in case.