Narrator: ---You stumble to a stop at the top of a cliff. Through the long grass, you hadn't ---noticed it until it was almost too late.
???: ---Ah, good. It would have been a pain to retrieve the Sidrat ---if you had fallen.
Narrator: ---You almost jump off the cliff in surprise at the sound of the voice. With dread, ---you turn to see your suited pursuer sitting on a rock nearby. ---They gracefully slide off it and approach you.
???: ---I remember saying that you would have to live as a Roman peasant if you resisted, although now---it seems a caveman would be more apt. That or a meal for one of the lizards. Ha!
???: ---So, I will give you one. Final. Chance. Hand over the Sidrat! ---Now!
Narrator: ---You've enough sense to know that they are unlikely to save you even if you hand over--- the device. With growing apprehension, you contemplate what you ---should do next. Then, suddenly, you hear a new voice.
???: ---Retreat, agent Furcifer. Hostile inbound. Impact in four.
Narrator: ---Your pursuer says nothing. They glare at you for a moment, then reach into ---the front of their suit. The next instant, they're gone. It's only then that you realise ---the ground is shaking. You look to your right.
Narrator: ---You see a massive, two-legged dinosaur charging towards you.
T-Rex: ---Roooooooooooaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaarrrrrrrrrr!
Narrator: ---In a panic, you jump to the side and scramble through the grass. ---The tyrannosaurus rex barrels past you and reaches the edge of the cliff. It turns, ---but cannot stop the momentum of its bulk from putting it off balance.
Narrator: ---You jump to your feet and dash over to the precariously positioned beast. Dodging ---a snap from its jaws, you slam all your weight against it.
Narrator: ---Despite being over a thousand times lighter than the behemoth, your plan somehow ---does not end up with you dying a grisly death in the creature's jaws. ---With a screech, the T-Rex topples into the abyss.
Narrator: --- Lying on your stomach, you look over the edge to see its demise, ---but the bottom of the cliff is shrouded in fog.
Narrator: ---A familiar silver glimmer catches your attention a fragment of the device. ---You scoop it up, wondering where a dinosaur could have kept such a thing. ---The engraving on this fragment reads: "YOU".
~~~~~~~~~~
Player: ---What? Where is this? WHEN is this?
Narrator: ---You look around at the barren rocks that surround you. The landscape is rough, ---jagged and absent of any greenery. All the world is blasted rock in shades ---of rusted orange, granite grey and basalt black.
Player: ---At least I'm still breathing. ---Well, might as well get a move on - this last one, and then I can go home!